Use CMA over BlocksPerYear for Inflation (#5758)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* (server) [\#5709](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/5709) There are two new flags for pruning, `--pruning-keep-every` 
and `--pruning-snapshot-every` as an alternative to `--pruning`. They allow to fine tune the strategy for pruning the state.
* (crypto/keys) [\#5739](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/5739) Print an error message if the password input failed.

> * (mint) [\#5411](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/issues/5411) Now it uses a moving average to calculate the blocks generated in a year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* (mint) [\#5411](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/issues/5411) Inflation is now computed based on a cumulative moving average instead of the (removed) `BlocksPerYear` parameter.
```

> It does not use BlocksPerYear param anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
